1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression?
   eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

* -mathematical expression
'hello'-String
-87.8- float
-  => mathematical expression
/  => mathematical expression
+	=> mathematical expression
6  => Integer

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans. Variables are symbols that you can use to store data in a program. 
     You can think of them as an empty box that you fill with some data or value.
     Strings are data, so we can use them to fill up a variable
3. Describe three different data types.
Ans.Three types of data in python are-
    1.Numeric- Numeric value can be integer,
               floating number or even complex numbers.
               These values are defined as int, float and complex class in Python.
    2.Sequence-sequence is the ordered collection of similar or different data types.
               Sequences allows to store multiple values in an organized and efficient fashion. 
               There are several sequence types in Python –List ,tuple
    3.Boolean - Data type with one of the two built-in values, True or False
4.What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans.Expression: An expression is a combination of operators, constants and variables.
    An expression may consist of one or more operands
    Expression gives value having various operand which perform various operation
5.This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans.in the spam variable 10 value is assigned
    expression produce result or value and statement does not produce values 
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans.bacon =23
7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans.a)'spamspamspam'
    b)'spamspamspam'
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans.because variable cannot be a number.